well howdy there internet people is bo
again
um so i guess we got to talk about these
caravans
uh there's a lot of trump supporters out
there right now going see
we told you if we weren't tough on that
last caravan there'd be another and now
look there's another of course there's
another
they've been coming for 15 years this
isn't new
15 years this has been going on this is
just the first president to pick on them
um these caravans
have been coming for 15 years and they
will continue to come
as long as our drug war policy remains
the same and as long as we keep
intervening in these countries
if you actually look back in uh 2009
see what happened in honduras which is
where this caravan is coming from
take a look and see what the us had to
do
with legitimizing that coup in that
country which is a big source of the
violence they're fleeing
this is a blow back
this is consequences
we're not actually facing the real
consequences though
this particular caravan headed out from
san pedro sula in honduras
san pedro sula has a murder rate
of 159 per 100 000. now we're americans
we don't know what that means
not really we need something to compare
it to right
chicago chicago's murder rate fluctuates
between 15
and 20 per 100 000 versus a hundred and
fifty nine
per one hundred thousand it's a very
violent place
that is why they are fleeing
um now we have a whole bunch of
questions you keep getting asked
you know one of them is who's going to
pay for them
us tax dollars that's what that's what's
going to pay for them
it's been going on for a long time
office of refugee resettlement
they spend about half a billion dollars
a year doing this and have for a very
long time now the office has a bigger
budget but that's what actually gets
spent doing it
um they help them get on their feet and
then they're done
you know it's there's a lot of data on
this
but again we're americans half a billion
dollars
we need something to compare it to right
remember that family detention fiasco
trump pulled down at the border that
cost
2 billion in just that short amount of
time
and this is half a billion for a whole
year
to help them get on their feet we're
actually getting them on their feet
rather than just warehousing them
so it's it's cheaper to be a good person
another question that keeps popping up
why do they keep coming in these big
groups
it's halloween right when you tell your
kids about trick-or-treating
you say hey go off out there alone
their safety in numbers right
same principle applies no big conspiracy
there
why are they uh carrying another
country's flags
well as the caravan travels it goes
through other countries
they carry the flag so hondurans can
hang out with hondurans
nicaraguans can hang out with
nicaraguans and so on and so forth
just kind of share the travel
with your fellow countrymen i guess
well why are they wearing military
fatigues
you know i'm cleaning up after a
hurricane
i've been wearing bdu pants for about a
week
why because it's extremely durable
i mean the material is called rip stop
in fact if i was gonna take a thousand
mile journey on foot
it's probably what i'd wear if i could
pick anything that's probably what i'd
wear
very durable material again
no great conspiracy there well why don't
they do it legally
they are they are okay
that is how you claim asylum you show up
and you say i'm claiming asylum that's
how it works
you cannot claim asylum at an embassy
or at a consulate you have to be at a
port of entry
which is at the border or within the
country
that's how us law works if you go to the
uscis website they'll tell you the same
thing
in fact it even says that your
immigration status
whether you came legally or illegally is
irrelevant
they are doing it legally that's how the
law
works now if you have that big of a
problem with them coming here i would
suggest you call dc
and uh get a hold of your representative
maybe talk to them about how our
foreign policy impacts these countries
talk to them about how
our drug war just funds the gangs down
there
maybe do that instead of blaming the
victim
15 years has been going on
now i did my best to answer most
questions in the comments those that
were common
um i got a question for y'all forever
for everybody saying to turn them away
give me one good reason to send these
people back to their deaths
one
i can't think of one
it's the us you can't preach freedom
and then deny it send people back to
their death for no good reason
other than you've got a president
who has is relying on your fear
of the unknown your fear of somebody you
don't know anything about
your ignorance of the situation down
there
that's the only reason there is
these people will die they will die
anyway just a thought